[Silence.]
[Music.]
Once again, the Texas Forest Service brings you 15 minutes with Charlie Adams and his Western All-Stars.
Howdy, friends and neighbors.
This is John Scoggin, and here to start off the program is Charlie and the boys with I Get So Lonely.
[Music.]
Baby, man, I get so lonely when I dream about you.
Can't do without you.
That's why I dream about you.
If I could only put my arms about you, life would be so fair.
If you were there, we two could hug and kiss it.
Never tire, I'm on fire, you are my one desire.
I get so lonely when I dream about you, why can't you be there?
Tossing and turning in my slumber, holding you is seen.
I give you kisses without number, but only in my dreams.
Oh, baby, mine, I get so lonely when I dream about you.
I can't do without you.
That's why I dream about you.
If I could only put my arms about you, life would be so fair.
[Music.]
Baby, man, I get so lonely when I dream about you.
Can't do without you. That's why I dream about you.
If I could only put my arms about you, life would be so fair.
If you were there, we too could hug and kiss and never tire.
I'm on fire.
You are my one desire.
I get so lonely when I dream about you.
Why can't you be there?
Tossing and turning in my slumber, all in you it seems.
I give you kisses without number, but only in my dreams.
Oh, baby, man, I get so lonely when I dream about you.
Can't do without you.
That's why I dream about you.
If I could only put my arms about you, life would be so fair. Yeah!
Hey, John, quit fooling around with that radio and come over here and announce this program.
Don't you know we're on there?
Woodville.
I'm now over Livingston.
Smoke about five miles east of Carter.
Any reports in that area on fire?
Over.
6-7 Charlie will check with the crew leader.
Stand by.
4-2-8 Woodville.
Watkins, our pilot reports spotting a fire from the air about five miles east of Corrigan.
What in the world are you listening to, John?
Well, Charlie, that's one of the Texas Forest Service Air Patrol pilots reporting into district headquarters that he spotted a possible forest fire.
Stand by while the pilot makes a check.
It may be a wildfire.
I sure didn't know that.
Now what happened?
Well, listen.
Let's see.
Roger.
I'll check on it.
6-7, Charlie.
Over.
KKB-828.
Looks like we must have found one all right, but they'll take care of it in a hurry.
You mean he'll put out the fire just from his airplane?
Well, no, Charlie, but he will help the crew leader on the ground spot it in a hurry.
Say, that is pretty slick, but I never knew the Texas Forest Service used airplanes to hunt forest fires.
Always thought they used lookout towers in the woods.
Well, they do use towers some, Charlie, but now they're making more and more use of airplanes.
It's quicker and more accurate and cheaper to use airplanes for such work, and when visibility is poor from the towers, they're almost a must.
And, Charlie, not only do they use airplanes, but they also use about every other modern forest fire detection and suppression method, like jeeps and tractors, two-way radios, and a lot of other things that I don't even know about.
Why, one of these days, they'll probably be using television to watch for fires.
No fooling.
Well, that's downright interesting.
Say, how about telling me more about it, John?
Well, I'll tell you what.
You go ahead and play a tune for the folks, and I'll listen in on this Texas Forest Service radio and see what the pilot finds out about that fire he's checking.
All right, I guess we'll play that old number title.
6-7, Charlie.
Go ahead, Wendell.
I'm over the fire now.
It's only about a half acre in size, but it's spreading fast.
Looks like it caught from one of the farmer's fields where it was burning brush.
Location is block 843, grid A, able B, under the 3.
Roger, 6-7, Charlie.
I'll get Tom on the job right away.
Over to 4-2-8, Woodville.
4-2-8, Woodville.
Go ahead.
Watkins says the fire's a small one but spreading fast.
You see there, Charlie, only two or three minutes from the time the pilot first spotted the smoke and the firefighting crew is on its way now.
Yep.
Man, with these airplanes and radio, it doesn't take long.
It sure beats the old way, doesn't it?
You're so right.
Now, what about that song you were going to play?
Gosh, yes, I plumb forgot all about it.
Well, here's an old one called Way Down Yonder with Red on the piano, and here it is.
[Music.]
Well, yes, sir.
You know, Charlie, I hate to tell you this, but I'm actually beginning to like your music.
Well, thanks a lot, John.
Man, if that's coming from you, you know, that amounts to about a full-size compliment.
Yes, sir.
I think I'm beginning to like it.
So while I'm feeling this away, how about another little song?
Do you know I'll Tickle Your Toesies?
Do we know it?
Well, then, that's one of our Columbia records.
I'll tickle your toes when we rub our noses tonight under the moon.
You would say, baby, let's get ready for the honeymoon.
It'll be thrilling if you're willing when we build and cool.
Cause I'll tickle your toes when we rub our noses tonight under the moon.
Now I never went to high school.
And I never went to college, but I'm a loving fool.
And that don't take any knowledge.
I'll tickle your toes when we rub our noses.
You just wait and see.
The love you've been saving is a kind I've been craving, cause you're the one for me.
[Music.]
I'll tickle your toes when we rub our noses tonight under the moon
The love you've been saving is a kind of been craving, is a kind of been craving.
I can't get started too soon.
It'll be thrilling if you're willing when we build it cool.
Cause I'll tickle your toes when we rub our noses tonight under the moon.
Now I never went to high school and I never went to college.
But I'm a lovin' fool, and that don't take any knowledge.
I'll tickle your toes, but when we rub our noses, you just wait and see.
The love you've been savin' is a kind I've been cravin', cause you're the one for me.
Yeah, ho, a good toesy!
Well, Charlie, would you like to know something about how the Texas Forest Service uses airplanes to spot forest fires?
How about that?
I sure would, John.
Well, Charlie, it all started back in the spring of 1943 when the Texas Forest Service and the Civil Air Patrol put their heads together and decided to try patrolling the forest with an airplane.
And it seemed like a good idea.
So for about 42 hours, Texas Forest Service observers flew with the CAP pilots to try it out.
And the trial was successful.
And it was economical, too, so a full-scale test was set up.
An active unit of CAP was organized on January 4, 1944, and nine planes were made available to the CAP.
Two-way radios were borrowed from the Army Air Force.
They were installed in the airplanes, and the first full-scale aerial patrol of our Texas forests got underway.
And during the next 14 months, this patrol flew 1,000 hours.
That was just the beginning, and from that start has grown the Texas Forest Service's own aerial patrol.
Several radio-equipped airplanes are now owned by the Forest Service, and the pilots are regular employees of the service.
Other airplanes are under contract, and during this year, these planes will fly several times the number of hours of patrol as was flown that first year.
That original test has now become a full-scale standard operation.
Well, thanks for the information.
I sure didn't know about that.
And I don't have to ask if it works, but just a few minutes ago, well, then we heard those airplanes will then report all those fires.
And as I circled the area, I saw the tom that plowed a fire lane all the way around, and is now completely under control.
Roger, 6-7, Charlie.
Continue your patrol.
Will do.
There's smoke about 20 miles northeast of here.
We'll investigate and report 6-7, Charlie, over and out.
Yes, it really works, Charlie.
And speaking of work, it's time that you did some.
So play, Charlie.
You've heard one of the ways your Texas Forest Service helps to protect your forests, but in spite of their use of the latest, most modern methods of detection and suppression of forest fires, they still need your help.
Be sure to break your match, use your ashtray, crush your smokes, and be sure your campfires are dead out.
Remember, only you can prevent forest fires.
Charlie Adams and his Western All-Stars have been presented by the Texas Forest Service, a part of the Texas A&M College System.
The program was written and produced by Chester O'Donnell and has been brought to you as a public service feature.
Your announcer has been John Scoggin.
[Music.]